I work in SW box on nail and today i'm
looking at a 4500 power bank that's
4,500 mah sorry basically there's two to
pick from it is compatible with most
mobile phones mp3 mp4 PS PS and tablets
depending on which one you got it won't
charge the iphone 5 unfortunately but
pretty much everything else is coming
which always shown moving it this is the
packaging so it's just a nice simple
plastic light package in there is two
two people on by waiters and white up so
we get over and have a look at then and
see what we get so why not simply lick
sizes
the other side so that's a white man and
I do like you come with a built-in torch
you can turn on and off so if we have a
look at that hopefully you can see or
not sure if you can okay so you just
turn that on and off the black ones
identical obviously now exactly the same
comes with a torch okay obviously the
more power near the brighter is going to
be okay in a package itself releasable
for now yeah you get your main charging
handle is we charge the device itself
okay and then you get a multitude so I
can a mini USB the microUSB used on like
Samsung LG HTC's and sort of thing ok
this one I believe is a Nokia one this
one not hungry sensual to be honest this
what I can't is for the PSP maybe then I
we see that iphone 3g or 4s ipad 173 ok
and then ipod car to touch 4 ok so if
you want to charge the unit itself I'm
simply use I the one from your samsung
galaxy
that sort of thing okay just pop it on
there put that on there and in place ngu
computer or into the wall if you've got
a socket okay so that's how you charge
them the power bank itself I said is
4500 mah and then the amount and
challenge to Samsung when you want to
charge something from this you just pop
that on today and pop it into the device
like so as you can hear that charging
straight away okay so that's a that's a
samsung we do why I plane as well
should be fine yeah Australian as you
can see one hundred percent so it
doesn't matter and then we can do an LG
one as well this is the same does the
same as Samsung actually yeah that's
charging as well so yeah in pretty much
charging those things I can say it's
retailing at $18 29 I believe or 28
surround them up so it's not really
expensive and that does include free
shipping so if you are interested in a
power bank or anything else come to SW
box and set up guys below